[Logs SDK] Send resource once to processor and exporter, and not for every event. (#1636)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-rust: opentelemetry-sdk/CHANGELOG.md

- **Breaking** [#1624](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-rust/pull/1624) Remove `OsResourceDetector` and
  `ProcessResourceDetector` resource detectors, use the
  [`opentelemetry-resource-detector`](https://crates.io/crates/opentelemetry-resource-detectors) instead.

> - [#1636](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-rust/pull/1636) [Logs SDK] Send resource attributes once to 

Author: Good point, This is modified now:
- [#1636](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-rust/pull/1636) [Logs SDK] Improves performance by sending 
  Resource information to processors (and exporters) once, instead of sending with every log. If you are an author
  of Processor, Exporter, the following are *BREAKING* changes.
    - Implement `set_resource` method in your custom LogProcessor, which invokes exporter's `set_resource`.
    - Implement `set_resource` method in your custom LogExporter. This method should save the resource object
      in original or serialized format, to be merged with every log event during export.
    - `LogData` doesn't have the resource attributes. The `LogExporter::export()` method needs to merge it 
      with the earlier preserved resource before export.

  processor and exporter, and not for every event.

>     - Add `set_resource` method in LogProcessor an Exporter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Add `set_resource` method in LogProcessor and Exporter traits
```
